Document `google-symptoms` conjunctivitis signals (#1614)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast-signals/google-symptoms.md

* _s04_: Shortness of breath, Wheeze, Croup, Pneumonia, Asthma, Crackles, Acute bronchitis, Bronchitis
* _s05_: Anosmia, Dysgeusia, Ageusia
* _s06_: Laryngitis, Sore throat, Throat irritation
* _s07_: Conjunctivitis, Red eye, Epiphora, Eye pain, Rheum
* _scontrol_: Type 2 diabetes, Urinary tract infection, Hair loss, Candidiasis, Weight gain

> The symptoms were combined in sets _s01_-_s06_ that showed positive correlation with COVID-19 cases, especially after Omicron was declared a variant of concern by the WHO.

Reviewer: the sentence structure feels weird here...  im not sure if my edit is still accurate though?
```suggestion
The symptoms combined in sets _s01_-_s06_ show positive correlation with COVID-19 cases, especially after Omicron was declared a variant of concern by the WHO.
```

| `s05_smoothed_search` | The average of Google search volume for related searches of symptom set _s05_, in an arbitrary units that are normalized for overall search users, smoothed by 7-day average. <br/> **Earliest date available:** 2017-08-21 |
| `s06_raw_search` | The average of Google search volume for related searches of symptom set _s06_, in an arbitrary units that are normalized for overall search users. <br/> **Earliest date available:** 2017-08-15 |
| `s06_smoothed_search` | The average of Google search volume for related searches of symptom set _s06_, in an arbitrary units that are normalized for overall search users, smoothed by 7-day average. <br/> **Earliest date available:** 2017-08-21 |
| `s07_raw_search` | The average of Google search volume for related searches of symptom set _s07_, in an arbitrary units that are normalized for overall search users. <br/> **Earliest date available:** 2017-08-15 |
| `s07_smoothed_search` | The average of Google search volume for related searches of symptom set _s07_, in an arbitrary units that are normalized for overall search users, smoothed by 7-day average. <br/> **Earliest date available:** 2017-08-21 |

> | `scontrol_raw_search` | The average of Google search volume for related searches of symptom set _scontrol_, in an arbitrary units that are normalized for overall search users. <br/> **Earliest date available:** 2020-02-20 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `scontrol_raw_search` | The average of Google search volume for related searches of symptom set _scontrol_, in an arbitrary units that are normalized for overall search users. <br/> **Earliest date available:** 2020-02-14 |
```

Author: Corrected in https://github.com/cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata/pull/1614/commits/f5158bb89a135675bb53f08f19973a611059c6ba
